
STAR WARS THE FINAL FRONTIER STORYLINE

Characters You Can Be
    Anakin Skywalker (Good) - High Intelligence, but has varied Attack Damage.
    Luke Skywalker - Has Medium Intelligence, and has a high Attack Damage.
    Rey - Has High Intelligence and Medium Attack Damage.

Your Droids
    C-3P0 - 5% chance to convince enemy not to attack.
    R2-D2 - Can shock enemy.
    BB8 - Can destract enemy for 2 turns.
    
Your Backup Characters
    Star Wars Prequels
        Padme - Gives all fellow teamates +100 health.
        Obi-Wan Kenobi - Deals incredible amounts of damage.
        Qui-Jon Jinn - Deals high amounts of damage. Raises all fellow teamates damage by +10.
        
    Star Wars Original Trilogy
        Old Ben (Obi-Wan) - Can destract enemies.
        Yoda - Has an incredible intelligence, damage, and health. If he dies, all teamates are granted +100 health and +10 damage.
        Princess Leia - Has incredible accuracy, but a long reload time.
        Han Solo - Medium Damage amounts, raises all teamates damage by +20 for 3 turns after he attacks.
    
    Star Wars Sequels
        Finn - High health.
        Poe Dameron - Destracts all enemies for 3 turns after he attacks.
        Old Leia - Brings in a Resistance Trooper for 2 turns.
        Old Han Solo - Can deal Medium amounts of damage.

Main Enemies
    Emperor Palpatine - Instant Kill, but Jedi have a 10% chance of only losing half of their total health. However, he has low health.
    Darth Vader - Incredible health, incredible damage.
    Emperor Snoke - You cannot harm him, but he will go away if all of his allies die.
    
Enemy Backups
    Star Wars Prequels
        Count Dooku - He can attack two players each turn.
        Darth Maul - 50% of blocking your attack, 25% chance of only recieving half damage.
        Jabba The Hutt - Every turn he gains +500 health.
        Jango Fett - Can clone himself for one turn, but cannot attack.
        Nute Gunray - Every turn summons 1 half-health battle droid.
        General Grevious
        
    Star Wars Original Trilogy
        Boba Fett - Has amazingly high health, 50% chance to dodge a hit, and can deal an incredible amount of damage. However, he attacks really slowly.
        Jabba The Hutt - Every turn he gains +500 health.
        Grand Moff Tarkin - Can summon 2 clone troopers. However, they have low health
      
    Star Wars Sequels
        Kylo Ren - If you block his attack, he will deal x2 damage using his crossguard
        Captain Phasma - Low damage, but incredible reload rate. Also has a 100% chance of counterattack.
        
Planets
    Tatooine - All characters have 50% health.
    Jakku - All characters have x2 damage.
    Naboo - Good guys have a 10% chance of summoning a Gungan, enemies have a 5% chance of summoning 2 battle droids.

GAMEPLAY
You can fly in a spaceship across the galaxy to any of these planets (very much like Misty Planets did), and land on them. 
You can then play as an iconic character to complete missions on these planets with iconic droids at your side, BB-8, C3PO, and R2-D2.
And the end of each of these missions you'll have to dual a Sith Lord, or something of the like.

So in the start of the game, you'll play as Luke Skywalker with R2-D2, you can then defend Hoth, defeat Jabba on Tatooine, and then 
face Darth Vader and the Emperor. You can also freely explore Tatooine and do other missions to earn coins. 
Once you finish his era, you can move on to Jakku with Rey and BB-8 or to Tatooine (again) with Anakin and C-3PO.
Remember, your character may change depending on what task you have to complete. 

If you're freely exploring, you can switch between the characters and do tasks assigned by the locals in your area.
Coins can be used to by better equipment or upgrade your ship to help you do these. If you complete these tasks, you earn
help tokens. These help tokens can be used to summon help in battle if the character you helped is an "ATTACKER" or
can heal your character if the character you helped is a "HEALER". If the character is a "DISTRACTER", they can give you 10 seconds
where all enemy fire is concentrated at a random point on the screen.

In space, you can get stuck in battles with TIE fighters, the Death Star, StarKiller Base, and other evil ships. 
In these battles, you can fire lasers from your ship, use your hyperdrive engine to fly to a random point on the screen,
or attempt to capture the enemy vessel. If the ship is big enough, you can choose to board it and fight the crew as you would
on a mission. If you lose, you lose the ship you were flying, all of the upgrades you had on currently, and all of your coins.

ATTACKERS
Attackers are characters that have high attack damages and have a lot of health. These characters are easy to get, but hard to help -
If you want to help them to get help tokens, they often request near-impossible tasks.

HEALERS
Healers are characters that have high heal ammounts and average health. These characters are hard to get, yet easy to help - 
If you want to help them to get help tokens, they often request protection from an ATTACKER or for you to find an
ingredient for them to use to make a health potion.

DESTRACTERS
Destracters are characters that have incredible health amounts but often little to no health or attack effects. They do, however, have
a destract function where all enemy fire is concentrated on them. They are great for soaking up damage while facing a dangerous
opponent.

NOTES
All this is loaded in images that are cached, there are loading screens between levels, to reduce lag.
I expect this to be 15,000 - 20,000 lines of code.
In the future, there will be a way to choose to go to the Dark Side.
